Adding instructions for editable forks. (#7690)
magento/devdocs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) the [DevDocs repository](https://github.com/magento/devdocs). Remember to [sync your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/) and update branches as needed.
1. Review the [DevDocs guidelines](#contribution-guidelines).

> Note: If you use a fork instead of a branch, please set permissions to allow maintainers to edit and update the PR as described [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you use a fork instead of a branch, please set permissions to allow maintainers to edit and update the PR. See [Allowing changes to a pull request branch created from a fork](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) in the _GitHub documentation_.
```
